# MovieRatingApp_Production

My proposal is an app that lets you add movies you have watched or want to see.  We all know there is a time where you are sitting there wondering if you had seen a movie or not.  Now you just type in the movie and it stores it under "already seen" or something along those lines. I'm a movie fan and I can't always remember when movies I really want to see come out.  With this app, you can save movies you want to see and movies that are coming out to theater.  You can even set it up so it reminds you a week before the night of a movie premire.  There will be different tabs.  The only ones I can think of right now would be "already seen", "want to see", "premire showings" and "partially seen".  These are subject to change but that's a rough idea.  After a movie is recorded, you will also be able to personally rate the movies. Maybe even a "5 star rating" or "Recommended" category to take you straight to the movies you thought were best.  The movies should have a picture by them to help remind the person which movie it was and what it was about.  I haven't decided for sure, but it would be nice if a link to a trailer was added somewhere so when the person was trying to tell others about the movie, they can link straight to a trailer from YouTube. The benefits I think are clear, you can keep track of movies you have watched and movies you want to see.  That way when you are in a group of people talking about movies, you can easily find out if you have seen a certain movie or if one was good or not.  Although it may not be a really important program, I feel like it would be useful, especially for movie fans. 
